Update 14-Test.md (#37)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/14-Test.md

Also in addition to Unit Testing,
it's important to know about GUI Testing.
To learn more about assertions or GUI Testing,

> follow [this optional guide on assertions](https://comp129.github.io/comp55/labs/14-A-TestOptional.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
follow [this optional guide on assertions created by former COMP 55 students](14-A-TestOptional.html).
```
